hey you guys it's me camp with class at
crew hope you guys are doing awesome so
for this week's video we are gonna be
doing a monthly favorites video so that
is just gonna include our favorite items
from this month let's do it let's get
into the first night you guys like to
work out you like to run you like to get
in shape you like to just like fitness
in general I have been rocking these
reebok z-rated shoes um super super
comfortable very lightweight and also
they have lots of support and I just
really think they're awesome I was gonna
go for a pair of Nikes these were on
sale and way more comfortable I'm big
nike guy but one for the reeboks this
time couldn't be happier black and white
can't go wrong in cash person item of
the month so I've been growing up my
sides been trying to at least and I
think it's turning out quite well so to
help get these sides slicked down I've
been using mr. pompadours Moroccan
texture paste and it does a hell of a
good job I used a little bit afterwards
I'm done blow-drying push them down has
a little bit of texture a little bit of
hold it's not like overpowering but it
just has enough to slick down the sides
and it doesn't leave your hair greasy or
anything just helps get those sides
slicked down and it rocks and you guys
can get ten percent off if you use the
class tak cruise discount code so make
sure you guys get that up at checkout
that is the second item of the month
third item which is an accessory and it
is uh Ross Michaels wallet this is the
trifold version don't be looking at nice
this one right here is like a navy blue
and it looks super dope if you have like
a blue soup to go with it or just
anything really but it's awesome it's
all real leather it's got lots of
pockets for your cards lots of pockets
for your money but that is my third
favorite and now we going I am come on
you're talking about more accessories we
got all these goodies right here on the
store call it spring my favorite store
right now hands down they have lots of
shoes like modern shoes super dope
accessories like these bracelets they
make an outfit pop and they just go with
anything you can switch it up each time
they have tons and tons of choices as
you can see like I have basically bought
them all so I've been rocking
accessories a lot this month so that is
item number listen up homie if you want
some info I got some details for that
item which is his black shirt I don't
think you guys have seen it yet but this
is from the rail which is Nordstrom's
brands you guys are familiar you it's a
long shirt it's all fitted up top which
is super awesome and it's all kind of
like Lucy you see type of feel like it's
very soft it feels freaking amazing like
if you just feel it you'll fall in love
with it right away so it's a super
comfortable shirt you can layer it with
stuff or you can just wear it like that
it looks super don't like black goes
with anything to make the long shirt
very trendy so that is either 15 for
sure is from the rails and the last item
which I'm wearing right now on my new
spectacles yeah if you guys have noticed
like and they're super dope and they are
called Club masters I believe yeah
they're the ray ban clubmaster um
actually seem to be very popular these
type of glasses are very trendy right
now so if you're looking to get new
glasses
and you have the right face shape or
whatnot for it definitely check out the
Yankees are super dope and I got a new
prescription too so I've been like see
angel to me tell me what you guys think
about these new glasses hopefully you
guys like that is the last item number
six so that's it guys hopefully you guys
enjoyed my favorite items of the month
and hopefully you'll check them out and
see pure self if you like them that's it
hopefully you guys enjoyed so be sure to
give a big thumbs up and subscribe to
glass that crew and you guys can check
out my channel welp anyways I will see
you guys next time well I don't have any
gold here no the records they thinking
them really old but no I'm a teen I'm
still keeping it clean i'm having
meetings with teens you see me AB on the
screen like hello I'm doing the scene